Fixes #6179 - London Heathrow (EGLL) taxiway amendment (#6190)
VATSIM-UK/UK-Sector-File: .github/CHANGELOG.md

# Changes from release 2026/05 to 2026/06

> 1. AIRAC (2606) - London Heathrow (EGLL) taxiway L25 changes to code F - thanks the @Charlieblade18 (Charlie Horner)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. AIRAC (2606) - Added code F line to L25 on London Heathrow (EGLL) SMR - thanks the @Charlieblade18 (Charlie Horner)
```
